cloud: update left navigation (#12649)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md

2. Click **Organization Settings**. The **Projects** tab is displayed by default.

> **Tip:**
>

> > If you have multiple projects, you can check the project list by clicking the ☰ button in the upper-left corner. You can also switch between projects by clicking the project name.

Author: ```suggestion
> If you have multiple projects, you can view the project list and switch to another project from the ☰ hover menu in the upper-left corner.
```
